today I'm gonna be showing your head
submit your own DIY face mask and with
products that you probably already have
in the kitchen I'm going to be using
honey and mint for this first mask
natural playing on air and mini teabags
this is a cleansing mask for blemish
free glowing skin first add around 2
tablespoons of honey into a mixing bowl
I'm just guessing and hoping that it's
enough the honey I'm using is slightly
crystallized because it's been in the
kitchen for a while
so I'm gonna be adding some warm water
to it and then mixing it up until it
becomes a softer texture next I'm gonna
be taking a mint tea bag and just
emptying the whole contents into the
bowl with the horn it doesn't matter if
the tea bag is fresh are used but I
don't like where so I used my first
and then mix it up until it becomes a
nice thick texture be fit you can walk
on your bags okay apply the mixture to
your face it's quite hard to get the
mixture to stick if it's been watered
down like mine so I'll try and use thick
color after you've applied enough for
the mixture to your face just relax and
leave it on for around 10 minutes take
your ball the face mask
into the bathroom with you and you can
use the rest of the mass to exfoliate
your skin before completely rinse in the
whole mask off just grab handfuls of the
mask and gently rub it into your skin
like you would if it was a facial scrub
you'll need to use a cleanser to get rid
of the stickiness from the wallet and
now it's time to enjoy your super soft
glowing skin I hope you liked the video
and thanks for watching see you soon